chore: updates README and adds CODE_OF_CONDUCT (#68)
posit-dev/posit-sdk-py: README.md

con.users.find()
```

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to the Posit SDK for Python! If you would like to contribute, see the [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) guide for instructions.

## Issues

> If you encounter any issues or have any questions, please open an issue on the [issue tracker](https://github.com/posit-dev/posit-sdk-py/issues). We appreciate your feedback and will do our best to address any problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter any issues or have any questions, please [open an issue](https://github.com/posit-dev/posit-sdk-py/issues). We appreciate your feedback.
```

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE). Feel free to use, modify, and distribute the code as you see fit.

## Code of Conduct

> Please note that this project follows the [Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). We expect all contributors to adhere to its guidelines and create a positive and inclusive community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We expect all contributors to adhere to the project's [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) and create a positive and inclusive community.
```
